hi guys welcome back it's fraction of
the day and face of the day time so I'll
go back there and show you what I'm
wearing it was another full type of day
today is the chair out of the way so
what I'm wearing is just some dark wash
denim jeans and some brown boots
hopefully you can tell the ground the
boots that i bought at Salvation Army
before I think it was like three dollars
they just look like this I like to wear
these under our genes because they don't
show their kind of ugly by themselves
but um you know when they're covered up
it gives you a nice look and they're
nice and comfy and then the jeans were
perfect as well their hydraulic brand
and I just got those at Salvation Army
too and on the top I want it to be nice
and warm so I'm wearing a black t-shirt
just a plain black t-shirt it does have
a logo on it but the scarf covers it up
so you can just wear um a regular plain
t-shirt a regular black one and I like
that it's a little bit longer because
we're a hips at my belt and I am wearing
about to keep my pants up but doesn't
show it's pink but wear this jacket hits
I think it's more flattering to have the
t shirt to cover this area of the jeans
it's a little bit more slimming to have
that covered so the teacher is thrifted
you might recognize it it's the band one
from a previous hall and then the jacket
is from Marshalls which is like TJ maxx
it's by a DKNY but I got on clearance i
think it was fifteen dollars into a gray
jacket kind of like motorcycle style you
could also wear more like a leather type
it or you could wear in the same style
or you could wear just a regular jean
jacket and this is just a gray color and
it's a denim it's like a it's a denim
jacket but it's in the style of a
motorcycle jacket and then really for
the fall inspiration type part of the
outfit I'm wearing this scarf from
forever 21 and it has really pretty full
colors in it it's got red and pink
purple grey black here's the whole
outfit with the purse of course it's
that same work on our chickens by the
brown one it matches the shoes they are
almost exactly the same color oxley the
back of the shoes so I usually like to
do brown accessories I a lot of times
especially since i'll be doing more of
these you'll notice that i wear brown
shoes and running back almost always i
switch off sometimes the bags in the
shoes but i'm wearing a brown girl with
the early tones i think that i'm wearing
my outfits and stuff and I wear a lot of
black and gray I don't want black
accessories to to go with you know the
latins right I like to to have the pop
of legs of bras against against those
other other colors for the face of the
day I am wearing six colors on my eyes
which is a little bit more than normal
but I'm kind of learning to high lighter
colors so for the lid on the lid of my
eye I did like a purple a simple purple
I today to go with the scarf and on the
lid is jet and in the crease darker
purple is called sketch it looks like
this you could use any dark purple and
to just darken up that outer V is a
really dark purple called shadowy lady
you could use a gray color or a black or
any really dark color or highlighter i'm
using vapor you could use any
highlighter that's for underneath the
brow and then for my inner corner
highlight here i did decide to use a
different color for that and
called crystal avalanche it's just a
really sparkly really frosty not sparkly
so much as frosty white color and for
the the lower line here for the
eyeshadow on the lower lashes that's
just a satin tote you wouldn't have to
use a serpent color you wouldn't have to
use a different color for the lower lash
line and you wouldn't have to use a
different color for the highlighter on
the inside of the eye you could just use
the sketch down below and then the vapor
in the in the inner corner as well and
that will cut you down to color so that
would cut you down to four colors and
I'm if that's easier to work with and
then I just lined my eyes with a black
gel liner and on my cheeks I'm wearing
secret by bare minerals which I've been
wearing a lot lately it's just a pink
blush and last but not least on my lips
from the new hard candy line at walmart
i'm wearing their painted lady lipstick
and perfect 10 which is really similar
to well it's kind of it kind of reminds
me of blankety or freckle tone or
Jubilee from from Mac they also have one
called mannequin and it's a little bit
more orangi but not in a bad way more of
like I guess more like a peach and that
one even reminds me even more of the
freckle tonin and that you believe but
i'll talk about this a little bit and
more in a different video so that was
the outfit and the face of the day for
today I hope you guys enjoyed and as
always thank you guys for watching